[Columns/Box] Add missing `children` prop back to prop type (#7483)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/large-peas-happen.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
'polaris.shopify.com': patch
---

> Fixed missing `children` prop in `Columns` prop type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed missing `children` prop in `Columns` and `Box` components
```
